Add hidden wiki for internal docs contribution (#24)
nitindermohan/oak-new-docs: content/docs/guides/wiki-contribution-guide.md

---
title: "Wiki Contribution Guide"
description: "Guides specific for this website internals"
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: true
weight: 810
toc: true
version: 1.0
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

## Fonts

[**CMU Sans Serif**](https://online-fonts.com/fonts/cmu-sans-serif) This font is used in the diagrams and figures. Make sure to have this font installed on your machine to render the figures correctly.

## Colors

The color palette used in the Oakestra documentation is as follows:

![OakBlue](wiki-contribution-guide/oak-blue.png) Oakestra Blue Background: R:73 B:114 G:134 #497286

![OakGreen](wiki-contribution-guide/oak-green.png) Oakestra Tree Green: R:125 B:195 G:132 #7DC384

## Drawio master DB
This is the reference drawio diagram for the Oakestra project.

> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zfgXwXPI2Yb8G2N-U8Gd0xPaiQIe9R-2/view?usp=sharing

Reviewer: How should we be using it?
Do we download that file - open it locally or in the browser - make our modifications - and then push it back to the drive?

> New Pictures should be added to this DB.

Reviewer: IMO the working of "DB" is rather misleading - how about master file instead? (also in the subheader)

## Drawio files in the docs

> Some pictures that are not yet present in the Drawio master DB have the corrspondign .drawio file in the docs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some pictures that are not yet present in the Drawio master DB have the corresponding .drawio file in the docs. 
```

What do you mean by "not yet" - should all pictures be in that master file? - Should we make a policy or rule of thumb for that? - e.g. if a picture is most likely only used in a single place, than do not put it into the master file otherwise do

- These files should be kept up to date. 

> - Make sue to always ahve the CMU Sans Serif font installed in your machine otherwise figures might no be rendered correctly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to always have the CMU Sans Serif font installed on your machine otherwise, figures might not be rendered correctly. 
```

## Documentation versioning 

To archive the current version of the docs you need to do the following:

1. create a new folder inside the `content/version` folder with the name of the version you want to archive. E.g. `content/version/v0.4.400`

> 2. copy the surrent content of the `content/docs` folder to the new folder. E.g. `content/version/v0.4.400/docs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. copy the current content of the `content/docs` folder to the new folder. E.g., `content/version/v0.4.400/docs`
```
